Color Out Of Space 2

In the evening I asked old people in Arkham about the blasted heath, and what was meant by that phrase "strange days" which so many evasively muttered.
I could not, however, get any good answers, except that all the mystery was much more recent than I had dreamed.
It was not a matter of old legendry at all, but something within the lifetime of those who spoke.
It had happened in the eighties, and a family had disappeared or was killed.
Speakers would not be exact; and because they all told me to pay no attention to old Ammi Pierce’s crazy tales, I sought him out the next morning,
having heard that he lived alone in the ancient tottering cottage where the trees first begin to get very thick.
It was a fearsomely archaic place, and had begun to exude the faint miasmal odour which clings about houses that have stood too long.
Only with persistent knocking could I rouse the aged man, and when he shuffled timidly to the door I could tell he was not glad to see me.
He was not so feeble as I had expected; but his eyes drooped in a curious way, and his unkempt clothing and white beard made him seem very worn and dismal.
Not knowing just how he could best be launched on his tales, I feigned a matter of business;
told him of my surveying, and asked vague questions about the district.
He was far brighter and more educated than I had been led to think, and before I knew it had grasped quite as much of the subject as any man I had talked with in Arkham.
He was not like other rustics I had known in the sections where reservoirs were to be.
From him there were no protests at the miles of old wood and farmland to be blotted out, though perhaps there would have been had not his home lain outside the bounds of the future lake.
Relief was all that he shewed; relief at the doom of the dark ancient valleys through which he had roamed all his life.
They were better under water now—better under water since the strange days.
And with this opening his husky voice sank low, while his body leaned forward and his right forefinger began to point shakily and impressively.